For this assignment you will design a set of classes that work together to simulate a car's fuel gauge and odometer.


The classes you will design are:
    The FuelGauge Class:
        This class will simulate a fuel gauge.
        Its responsibilities are:
            To know the car's current amount of fuel, in gallons.
            To report the car's current amount of fuel, in gallons.
            To know the car's maximum amount of fuel, in gallons.
                (This should be set when an instance of the FuelGauge is created.)
            To be able to increment the amount of fuel by 0.1 gallon.
                This simulates putting fuel in the car.
            To be able to decrement the amount of fuel by 1 gallon, if the amount of fuel is greater than 0 gallons.
                This simulates burning fuel as the car runs.
    The Odometer Class:
        This class will simulate the car's odometer.
        Its responsibilities are:
            To know the car's current mileage.
            To report the car's current mileage.
            To be able to increment the current mileage by 1 mile.
                The maximum mileage the odometer can store is 999,999 miles.
                When this amount is exceeded, the odometer resets the current mileage to 0.
            To be able to work with a FuelGauge object.
                It should decrease the FuelGauge object's current amount of fuel by 1 gallon for every 32 miles traveled.
                    (The car's fuel economy is 32 miles per gallon.)


Demonstrate the classes by creating instances of each.

Simulate filling the car up with fuel.

Then prompt the user for a length of trip (in miles) that they plan to take.

Run a loop that increments the odometer until the car runs our of fuel or the trip has been completed.

During each loop iteration, print the car's current mileage and amount of fuel.

If the amount of fuel remaining drops below 1 gallon, also display a "Low fuel warning" indicator.

After the loop runs, inform the user "Arrived at destination!" or "Out of fuel."